deploy/README.md, before:

# Wayli Deployment Guide

This directory contains deployment configurations for Wayli. Choose the deployment method that best fits your needs.

## Deployment Options

### 🐳 Docker Compose

Docker Compose provides a simple way to run Wayli with all its dependencies (including Supabase) on a single machine.

**Quick Start:**
```bash
cd docker-compose
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration
docker-compose up -d
```

See [docker-compose/README.md](docker-compose/README.md) for detailed instructions.

### ☸️ Kubernetes (Helm)

The Helm chart provides a production-ready Kubernetes deployment with automatic scaling, health checks, and rolling updates.

**Quick Start:**
```bash
helm repo add wayli https://wayli-app.github.io/wayli
helm repo update
helm install wayli wayli/wayli -n wayli --create-namespace
```

See [charts/wayli/README.md](../charts/wayli/README.md) for detailed configuration options.

## Common Configuration

Both deployment methods require:
- **Supabase**: Included as a dependency in both setups
- **PostgreSQL**: Provided by Supabase
- **SMTP**: Optional, for email notifications
- **Storage**: For uploaded images and data

## Updates

Both deployment methods support semantic versioning:
- Docker images: `zehbart/wayli:v1.2.3`, `zehbart/wayli:latest`
- Helm chart: Automatically tracks application versions

To update to the latest version:

**Docker Compose:**
```bash
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```

**Kubernetes:**
```bash
helm repo update
helm upgrade wayli wayli/wayli -n wayli
```

## Support

For issues or questions:
- Docker Compose: See [docker-compose/README.md](docker-compose/README.md)
- Kubernetes: See [charts/wayli/README.md](../charts/wayli/README.md)
- General: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/wayli-app/wayli/issues)

Commit message:

fix: Update translation references. And add note about macOS storage limitation.

deploy/README.md, after:

# Wayli Deployment Guide

This directory contains deployment configurations for Wayli. Choose the deployment method that best fits your needs.

## Deployment Options

### 🐳 Docker Compose

Docker Compose provides a simple way to run Wayli with all its dependencies (including Supabase) on a single machine.

**Quick Start:**
```bash
cd docker-compose
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your configuration
docker-compose up -d
```

See [docker-compose/README.md](docker-compose/README.md) for detailed instructions.

### ☸️ Kubernetes (Helm)

The Helm chart provides a production-ready Kubernetes deployment with automatic scaling, health checks, and rolling updates.

**Quick Start:**
```bash
helm repo add wayli https://wayli-app.github.io/wayli
helm repo update
helm install wayli wayli/wayli -n wayli --create-namespace
```

See [charts/wayli/README.md](../charts/wayli/README.md) for detailed configuration options.

## Common Configuration

Both deployment methods require:
- **Supabase**: Included as a dependency in both setups
- **PostgreSQL**: Provided by Supabase
- **SMTP**: Optional, for email notifications
- **Storage**: For uploaded images and data

### ⚠️ macOS Storage Limitation

**Important:** If you're running on macOS (including Apple Silicon), Supabase's built-in storage service will not work. You **must** configure external storage using MinIO instead.

This is because Supabase Storage's "file system" backend relies on [extended file attributes (xattr)](https://github.com/supabase/storage/blob/23559aaabeba90dd0adaa30a548ec0c3322f793b/src/storage/backend/file.ts#L570), which are not supported in Docker volumes on macOS. For more details, see [supabase/supabase#30742](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/issues/30742#issuecomment-3196908722).

**Solution for macOS users:**
1. Use the MinIO configuration provided in the Docker Compose setup
2. Follow the storage configuration instructions in [docker-compose/README.md](docker-compose/README.md)

Linux users can use either Supabase's built-in storage or MinIO.

## Updates

Both deployment methods support semantic versioning:
- Docker images: `zehbart/wayli:v1.2.3`, `zehbart/wayli:latest`
- Helm chart: Automatically tracks application versions

To update to the latest version:

**Docker Compose:**
```bash
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```

**Kubernetes:**
```bash
helm repo update
helm upgrade wayli wayli/wayli -n wayli
```

## Support

For issues or questions:
- Docker Compose: See [docker-compose/README.md](docker-compose/README.md)
- Kubernetes: See [charts/wayli/README.md](../charts/wayli/README.md)
- General: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/wayli-app/wayli/issues)
